[Autogenerated] welcome back.
So let's talk about traffic flow now.
I'm not gonna create me policies,
but I just want to give an overview of what this is.
So Rue 53 allows us to define traffic flow policies via a visual
editor so we can handle how we want our traffic to go.
So what's nice about this is we saw how we can set up
a primary and secondary fail over, but from with in there,
you can get even more advanced in complex.
So as you can see in their example,
we have awaited rule on Lee based on our primary record that we set up.
So it's only going to get waited if our primary is passing in the
traffic and those wait traffic on the back end to our two different
load balancers there in the in points.
Now, if that primary fails, that whole waited traffic flow gets ignored,
and it goes to our secondary endpoint as an s three bucket,
which is similar to what we actually just did.
So This allows you to get far more complex and detailed with
your traffic routing that you need Now.
There's also policy records and he's just build in by associating
traffic policies with domains or sub domain names.
So that's how you associate these policies with domains.
Now I want to skip down here to resolve er's,
and this is a pretty cool in newer edition.
Now, a roof 53 resolve er is goingto let you route your D.
N s queries between your VPC and your network.
So what that means is you can have your network traffic
route herbal from your VPC internally.
Now,
this is very neat and it's pretty new because originally
you'd have to set up your own instance.
That kind of four is this D.
N s traffic, as opposed to using an in pointe provided by a W s.
So what you do is you spin up an inbound in point for inbound
traffic and you need outbound in points as well.
So you're going to need at least two in points of fully get this benefit,
So I would just go to create, and then I would walk through my v p c.
A security group that we want for our en pointe.
And then you can specify I P addresses in tags.
Now I'm not going to do this because I don't want to pay for this.
But these air a very critical component of Route 53 now
that they're added So it's pretty neat.
You can see we also have rules so you can create your own
custom rules revolving around your resolve.
Er so there's a rule for outbound traffic,
and you can see that for queries that originate in your BBC,
you can define how to afford those D.
N S queries so you can specify your rule type.
You can specify your domain.
So if we're looking at example dot com,
we want to go ahead and pointed toe 19 to 0 to 10.
We choose the vpc that we want to apply this to in the
outbound in point if we have one created.
So this is saying, Hey,
I want to point any traffic to this domain to this I p address on this port.
So this is gonna look at our 192 local address for domain resolution.
It's a pretty cool thing, So that's gonna go ahead and do it.
I just wanted to cover a few more options that we had in
our Route 53 Service and dashboard.
Let's go ahead and wrap up here,
and then we'll go ahead and wrap up this module with a quick review and then eventual next steps.